 The absolute magnitude of 1147 Stavropolis is 11.5.    
 1147 Stavropolis has an apoapsis of 41847600000
 The 1147 Stavropolis was discovered on 11th June 1929.   
 Grigory Neujmin was a discoverer of 1147 Stavropolis.
 1147 Stavropolis was epoch on 31 July 2016 (JD24
 The orbital period of 1147 Stavropolis is 1249.6. 
 1147 Stavropolis has a periapsis of 2608550
 The rotation period of 1147 Stavropolis is 20378.5.   
 The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is classified as a contributing property.   
 The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is from the United States.     
 The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.   
 The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Pennsylvania.       
 Eric Larsint is the author of 1634 The Bavarian Crisis.  
 The book "DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes" was preceded by
 The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company. 
 The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works.  
 The ALCO RS-3 has 12 cylinder count.      
 The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres long.
 Aaron Turner started his career in 1995.          
 Aaron Turner is associated with Old Man Gloom.        
 Aaron Turner is associated with Twilight and Twilight.       
 Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar.           
 Aaron Turner is from Boston.            
 Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bui
 Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Connecticut.        
 Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States.      
 Abraham A Ribicoff died in New York.        
 Abraham A Ribicoff died in New York City.       
 American Abraham A Ribicoff is a American.       
 Abraham A Ribicoff is a United States national.      
 Abraham A Ribicoff served as Governor of Connecticut.       
 Abraham A Ribicoff worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
 The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore.      
 The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India.      
 The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000.      
 The Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 postgraduate students.     
 B.M. Reddy is the president of Acharya Institute of Technology. 
 The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka.   
 The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus Status by All India Council for Technical
 Adam West started his career on January 1st, 1954.     
 Adam West was born in 1928.           
 Adams County, Pennsylvania is in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.     
 Adams County, Pennsylvania is in Carroll County, Maryland.       
 Frederick County, Maryland is the southwest of Adams County, Pennsylvania.     
 Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located 680
 Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Mad
 Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid
 Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San
 Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport runway length of 350
 The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport
 The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport
 The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport
 The chairman of Agremiaç<unk> o Sportiva Arapiraquense is President
 Agremiaç<unk> o Sportiva Arapiraquense is full name Ag
 Agremiaç<unk> o Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Est
 Vica is the manager of Agremiaç<unk> o Sportiva Arapiraqu
 Agremiaç<unk> o Sportiva Arapiraquense is nickname Alvinegro
 Agremiaç<unk> o Sportiva Arapiraquense is nickname Asa
 Agremiaç<unk> o Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members.
 Agremiaç<unk> o Sportiva Arapiraquense played in 2015.
 Agremiaç<unk> o Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Camp
 Akeem Ayers started his career in 2011 and was active in 2011. 
 Akeem Ayers was born on July 10th, 1989.  
 Akeem Ayers made his debut with Tennessee Titans.   
 The Al Asad Airbase is equipped with the ICAO Location Identifier,
 The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force.  
 The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3992.88.  
 The runway name of Al Asad Airbase is 09L/27R. 
 Alan B Miller Hall was completed on June 1st, 2009.     
 Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia.         
 Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia.      
 Alan B Miller Hall is owned by the College of William & Mary.   
 Alan Shepard graduated NWC, M.A. in 1957.  
 Alan Shepard won the Distinguished Service Medal from the United States Navy. 
 Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire.       
 Alan Shepard was a crew member on Apollo 14.     
 Alan Shepard worked as a test pilot.      
 Alan Shepard is now deceased.         
 Alcobendas is from Spain.        
 Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow.
 Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Terek Grozny
 Aleksandr Prudnikov is currently in FC Amkar Perm.
 Aleksandr Prudnikov is 185.0 cm tall.   
 Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow. 
 AmeriGas is from the United States.      
 AmeriGas was founded on January 1st, 1959.  
 AmeriGas has a net income of $221,120,000,000.
 AmeriGas employs 8500 people.      
 Anatole de Gruywald was born on October 25th, 1910.  
 Anatole de Gruewald was born in Saint Petersburg.     
 Anatole de Gruewald died in London.       
 Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark
 Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren.    
 Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns.       
 Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Jwaydan Moy
 Andrew Rayel performs Trance music.        
 Andrzej Piotr Ruszczy<unk> ski is known for Stoch
 Andrzej Piotr Ruszczy<unk> ski's professional career is
 BBC is located in London.            
 The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Hüseyin
 Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. 
 Bananaman was broadcast by BBC.         
 Bananaman was first aired on October 3rd, 1983. 
 Bananaman stars Graeme Garden.       
 Bananaman stars Tim Brooke-Taylor.
 Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6.    
 Bedford Aerodrome serves Bedford Autodrome.    
 Bedford Aeropolis is 83.2104 above sea level.   
 Bedford Aeronautic Identifier is EGBF.  
 Bedford Aeroerodrome is located in Thurleigh.   
 Bedford Aeronautic is operated by Motorsport Vision.   
 Bedford Aeropolis has a runway length of 1095.0. 
 The runway name of Bedford Aeroerodrome is 08/26.
 Bedford Aeropolis runway surface type is concrete.     
 Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.    
 Binignit is a dessert.      
 Bionico is from Mexico.       
 Cottage cheese is a variation of Bionico.   
 Bionico is from Guadalajara. 
 Bionico is from Jalisco.     
 Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Queen Tapes performs rock music
 The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Queen Tales was preceded by
 The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Queen Tales was produced by The
 The record label Polydor Records is Polydor Records and Bootleg Series Vol
 The record label of Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Queen Tales is
 The Bootleg Series Volume 1 was The Queen Tapes was recorded in
 Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Queen Tales was recorded in St.
 The Bootleg Series Volume 1 was The Queen Tales was recorded in the
 The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Queen Tales was released on October
 The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Queen Tapes runtime 23
 Brandon Carter graduated University of Cambridge.          
 Brandon Carpenter was born on January 1st, 1942.      
 Brandon Terry was born in England.           
 Brandon Carter was a doctoral advisor for Dennis William Zama.
 Brandon Carpenter is known for the Anthropic Principle.       
 Brandon Carter was known for.            
 Doomsday armor was known for Brandon Carpenter.       
 Brandon Carpenter is known for no-hair theorem.     
 Brandon Carpenter is a General Relativity professional.      
 The Vice President is the leader of Brazil.         
 Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D.
 Buzz Aldrin was born on October 20th, 1930.      
 Buzz Aldrin was a crew member on Apollo 11 crew.     
 Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California.       
 Vila Nova Fautebol Clube is the champion of Campeonato Bras
 Cecil Parker was born in 1897.         
 The Chinabank was founded in Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.    
 Chinabank is located in the Philippines.          
 Chinabank has a net income of $1,151,00000000.   
 Chinabank is a public company.          
 Ciudad Ayala is from Mexico.       
 Ciudad Ayala is elevated 1147.0 above sea level.  
 The government of Ciudad Ayala is a Council-manager government.
 Ciudad Ayala is part of Morelos.     
 Juan Nolasco is the leader of Ciudad Ayala.  
 The leader of Ciudad Ayala is the City Manager.   
 The leader of Ciudad Ayala is the Governor.  
 The population density of Ciudad Ayala is 1604.0.   
 Ciudad Ayala has a population of 1777539 people.
 The time of Ciudad Ayala was Pacific Daylight time.  
 The time zone for Ciudad Ayala is Pacific Station Time Zone. 
 Ciudad Ayala is a city in Ciudad Ayala
 Ciudad Ayala's UTC offset is <unk> 6. 
 Robert Gates was the chancellor of the College of William & Mary. 
 Cyril Farkel was born in the United Kingdom.      
 Cyril Farkel is a television director.       
 Darinka Dentcheva graduated from Humboldt University.   
 Darinka Dentcheva was born on January 1st, 1958. 
 Darinka Entcheva is a US citizen.      
 Darinka Dentcheva was influenced by Andrzej Piotr
 Darinka Dentcheva is known for Stochastic programming.   
 Mathematical optimization is the professional field of Darinka Dentcheva.
 Darinka Dentcheva was born in New Jersey.     
 Darinka Datcheva is a resident of the United States.  
 The area code of Darlington is 01325.      
 The grid of Darlington is NZ289147.     
 Darlington has a population of 106000 people.      
 The postal code of Darlington is DL1, DL2, DL3 and the
 Darlington is located in North East Anglia.        
 Death on a Factory Weapon was broadcast by HBO.     
 Sarah Teale is the director of Death on a Factory Weapon. 
 Tom Simon is the director of Death on a Farmer.    
 Geof Bartz is the editor of Death on a Factory Weapon.
 Jamie Lawrence is a musician in Death on a Fruity Weapon.
 Death on a Fruity Weapon was produced by Sarah Teale.   
 Tom Simon is the producer of Death on a Fruity Weapon.   
 Death on a Fruity Weapon has a runtime of 83.0.
 Detroit has a total area of 370.03 square kilometers.    
 Detroit is part of Michigan.            
 Detroit is part of Wayne County, Michigan.         
 Dijon is from France.            
 Dijon is above sea level of 245.0.        
 Dijon has a postal code of 21000.     
 Bernard Kules is the director of English Without Space.     
 Harold French is the director of English Without Spaces.    
 Alan Jaggs is the editor of English Without Spaces.   
 The composer of English Without Spaces was Nicholas Brotherszky.   
 Anatole de Gruywald is the producer of English Without Spaces.
 English Without Spaces was released on July 28th, 1944.   
 The English Without Spaces runtime is 89.0.   
 Anatole de Gruywald is the writer of English Without Space.
 Terence Rattin is the writer of English Without Space.  
 The English language is o6391Code.     
 The English language is o6392Code.     
 Brian Kelly is a composer and pianist.     
 The album Afterplay was followed by Expect a Madris. 
 The musical genre of Expect a Madrose is Easy Listening. 
 The musical genre of Expect a Madril is instrumental music.
 The album, Expect a Ride was preceded by Pools of Light (Brian Ke
 Brian Kelly is a composer and pianist.        
 Expect a Rider run 54.56 runs.        
 Expect a Madure is a Compilation Album.    
 Gadzhi Gadzhiyev is the manager of FC Am
 FC Spartak Moscow's home ground is Otkrytiye Arena
 Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny.
 The government of France is called the Unitary state.       
 The leader of France is Claude Bartolone.  
 The long name of France is French Republic.     
 The GMA Network company is a public company.   
 GMA New Media is in entertainment industry.     
 Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media.
 GMA New Media is located in the GMA Network Center. 
 GMA New Media is located in Quezon City.   
 GMA New Media is the parent company of GMA Network. 
 Mobile Applications are a product of GMA New Media.      
 GMA New Media produces online games.          
 GMA New Media produces World Wide Web.         
 Philippine Entertainment Portal is a subsidiary of GMA New Media.     
 GMA New Media is a media company.        
 Gdynia, Poland has a total area of 135000000.0.
 Gdynia, Poland was founded on October 10th, 1926.
 The leader of Gdynia, Poland is the Mayor.   
 Gdynia, Poland was part of the Central European Summer Time period.
 Gdynia, Poland is in the Central European time zone.  
 Gdynia, Poland has a UTC offset of +2.
 The German Empire is the currency of German Papiermark.     
 The German Empire is the currency of South Germany.        
 The German Empire was founded on 1st of January 1871.    
 Grigory Neujmin was born on 01/01/1886.     
 Grigory Neujmin was born in Tbilisi.     
 Grigory Neujmin died on 17th December 1946.
 The Green Channel is the former name of HBO.  
 HBO is owned by Time Warner.     
 Cinemax is a sister station of HBO.  
 HBO East, HBO West is a timeshift TV.
 Harold French started his career on 01-01 1920. 
 Harold French was born in UK.    
 Harold French was born in 1897.   
 Harold French is a film director.    
 Hypermarcas was founded on 2001-01-01.   
 Hypermarcas is in the pharmaceutical industry.    
 Hypermarcas' key person is the CEO.   
 Hypermarcas is located in S<unk> o Paulo. 
 Hypermarcas has a net income of $10,600,000.
 Hypermarcas employs 10252 people.   
 Hypermarcas is a cosmetics product.   
 Hypermarcas produces healthcare.            
 Hypermarcas has a revenue of $1,800,000,000.    
 Hypermarcas is a subsidiary of Mantecorp.      
 Hypermarcas is a type of S.A. corporation.    
 Imagine (John Linnon album) is a song from the album Imagine. 
 Imagine (John Leon sing) was certified by FIMI.     
 Imagine (John Leon) was followed by Happy Xmas (War IIs Over).
 Imagine (John Lee sings) is a pop music genre.    
 Imagine (John Leon) was created by John Leon.       
 Imagine (John Leon) was preceded by Power to the People.    
 Imagine (John Leon song) was produced by Phil Spetor.  
 The total area of India is 3287590000000.0.     
 Indian is the demonym for India.          
 The Indian born on January 26th, 1950 was founded on the 26th of January.
 Pranab Mukherjee is the leader of India.   
 T. S. Thakur is the leader of India.      
 The leader of India is called Chief Justice.    
 The leader of India is called the President.    
 The long name of India is "Republic of India". 
 The total population of India is 1293057000.  
 Arab Citizens of Israel are an ethnic group in Israel.
 The language of Israel is Modern Hebrew.     
 Reuven Rivlin is the leader of Israel.
 The Prime Minister is the leader of Israel.    
 Israel is known as the state of Israel.   
 The official language of Israel is Modern Hebrew.   
 The official language of Israel is Modern Testament Arabic. 
 The population density of Israel is 387.63. 
 Istanbul is led by Mayor.      
 Istanbul has a population density of 2691.0 people.
 Istanbul is the Eastern European Summer time period.   
 Istanbul is the Eastern European time zone.    
 Istanbul's UTC offset is +2.         
 Gilbert Tajil is a cinematography of It's Great to Be Young (1956
 The film It's Great to Be Young was directed by Cyril Farkel.
 Max Benedict was a writer in The Great to Be Young (1956 film).
 The Great to Be Young (1956 film) has a gross gross of 282838.
 Louis Levy is a composer for the musical genre of It's Great to Be
 The Great to Be Young (1956 film) has a runtime of 94.0.
 The Great to Be Young (1956 film) stars Cecil Parker.    
 John Mads was a character in It's Great to Be Young (1956 film).
 Ted Williams is the writer of It's Great to Be Young (1956 film). 
 J R. R. Tolkien was born on October 3rd, 1892
 The Silmarillion was a notable work of J R. R. Tolkien
 Jamie Lawrence was born on 03-08-70.    
 Jamie Lawrence played for Brentford F.C.     
 John Mulls was born in North Elmham.       
 John Mads was born in Hayley Mills.      
 Juliet Mills was a child of John Mills.
 John Mulls died in Denham, Buckinghamshire.   
 John Mads died in 2005.        
 John Mulls was married to Aileen Raymond.   
 John Mulls was married to Mary Hayley Bell.   
 Justin Halin was born in San Francisco.      
 Justin Halin was a presenter.      
 Karlsruhe has a total area of 173.46 square kilometers.  
 The elevation above sea level of Karlsruhe is 115.0 metres.    
 Oberbürgermeister is the leader of Karlsruhe.       
 Karlsruhe has the postal code of 76131–76229.  
 Winchester is the capital of Kingdom of England.      
 The Kingdom of England was founded on 0927.      
 The Kingdom of England is led by a Unitary state.   
 La Crosse, Wisconsin is above sea level 204.0 metres above sea level.
 La Crosse, Wisconsin is part of La Crosse County, Wisconsin. 
 La Crosse, Wisconsin is led by the Mayor.    
 Lady Anne Monson was born on January 1st, 1926.
 Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington.    
 Lady Anne Monson was born in Kingdom of England.    
 Lady Anne Monson died on 18th of February, 1976.  
 Lady Anne Monson is a British of England national.   
 Botany is a professional footballer of Lady Anne Monson. 
 Lady Anne Monson was born in India.      
 Lady Anne Monson was married to George Monson.     
 The album Turn Me On was followed by Let It Breed.  
 The album Let It Breed was preceded by Love American style. 
 Lionsgate is in the entertainment industry.       
 Jon Feltheimer is a key person in Lionsgate.
 Michael R. Burns is a key person in Lionsgate. 
 Lionsgate is located in the United States.      
 Lionsgate is a broadcast programming service.      
 Lionsgate is a digital distribution service.        
 Liselotte Gorschebina was born on October 2nd, 1908.
 Liselotte Gorschebina was born in German Empire.    
 Liselotte Gorschebina died on 14th of June 1994.  
 Liselotte Gorschebina died in Israel.      
 Liselotte Gorschebina died in Petah Tikva. 
 Liselotte Gorschebina is a Jewish national.    
 Liselotte Gorschebina is a photographer.     
 Liselotte Gorschebina was a student at the School of Applied Arts
 Karysun/Year of No Light was followed by Live at Raising 2008 (
 Live at Raising 2008 (Year of No Light Album) was produced by Roadburn Festival
 Louis Levy was born on October 20th, 1894.    
 Louis Levy was born in England.         
 Madrid is located in Spain.            
 Manila is part of Metro Manila.           
 Manila's leader is the City Council.         
 Mason School of Business is located in the United States.       
 Max Benedict started his career on January 1st, 1947.   
 Max Benedict died in London.          
 Cyril Brussels is the director of McVeagh of the South Seas.
 Gregory Allen is the director of McVeagh of the South Seas.  
 Harry Carey was a writer born 1888 and is the director of the South Sea
 Alliance Flyers Corporation is the distributor of McVeagh of the South Seas.
 McVeagh of the South Seas was imdbid 0004319.
 The Progressive Motion Company is the producer of McVeagh of the South Seas
 Harry Carey was born 1888 and Mc Veagh of the South Seas starred
 Harry Carey was a writer of the South Seas.    
 Mermaid (Train singer) is a member of the California 37 album.
 Imagine was a song from Mermaid (Train singing) and John Leonard s
 Mermaid (Train singing) is a music download format.   
 Mermaid (Train singing) performs pop rock music.    
 Mermaid (Train singing) performs Reggae music.  
 The musical band Mermaid (Train singing) is Train.    
 Mermaid (Train singing) was preceded by This'll Be My Year.
 Mermaid (Train singing) was produced by Espionage.   
 Mermaid (Train singing) is signed with Columbia Records.    
 Mermaid (Train singing) is signed with Sony Music Entertainment.   
 Mermaid (Train singing) was released on December 27th, 2012. 
 Mermaid (Train singing) has a runtime of 3.16. 
 Mermaid (Train singing) was written by Amund Bj<unk> rklund
 Mermaid (Train singing) was written by Espen Lind.
 Pat Monahan is the writer of Mermaid (Train singing).
 Stargate is a production team in Mermaid.    
 Mexico has a total area of 1972550.0.     
 Enrique Pe<unk> a Nieto is the leader of Mexico.   
 Roberto Giul Ziarth is the leader of Mexico.    
 The leader of Mexico is the President of the Chamber of Deputies. 
 Mexico's leader is the President of the Senate.     
 Michael Moore was born on April 6th, 1955.    
 Michael Moore was born in Jasper, Alabama.     
 Michael Moore was born on January 1st, 1955.   
 The total area of Michigan is 250493000000.0.   
 English is spoken in Michigan.         
 Morelos has a total area of 4879.0 square kilometers.
 Morelos is part of Cuernavaca.    
 Adrián Rivera Pourez is the leader of Morelos. 
 Graco Ram<unk> rez is the leader of Morelos.
 The Governor is the leader of Morelos.    
 Morelos is a state of Mexico.    
 The Motorsport Vision is located in Fawkham. 
 The Motorsport Vision is located in Kent.    
 Longfield is the location of Motorsport Vision.   
 Peter Olden founded Motorsport Vision.     
 The Motorsport Vision was founded in 2004.    
 The water area of New Jersey is 3544040000.0. 
 The total area of New Jersey is 22591.38. 
 English is spoken in New Jersey.       
 Nicholas Brotherszky is a non performing person.   
 Nie Haisheng was born on October 13th, 1964. 
 Nie Haieng was born in Hubei.     
 Nie Haieng was born in Zaoyang.   
 Nie Haieng was a member of Shenzhou 10 crew.
 Nie Haieng was a member of Shenzhou 6.      
 Nie Haieng is a People's Republic of China.     
 Nie Haieng was a fighter pilot.         
 Post-hardcore is derived from Noise rock.       
 Noise rock is a musical fusion of Noise Pop.      
 Noise rock originated from noise music.           
 The Year of No Light is the artist of Nord of No Light.    
 The album, Live at Raadburn 2008 was followed by the album Nord of No Light
 The album Nord of No Light is a genre of post-metal. 
 Nord of No Light album is a genre of sludge metal. 
 The album, Nord of No Light, was preceded by Demo 2004.  
 The album Nord of No Light was produced by Year of No Light.   
 The record label of Nord of No Light album is Crucial Banner.   
 The record label for Nord of No Light album is E-Vinyl.
 Nord of No Light album was released on September 6th, 2006.   
 The Nord of No Light album has a runtime of 58.41.
 Nurhan Atasoy won the State Award for Super Achievement.   
 Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1st, 1934. 
 Nurhan Atasoy was born in Reşadiye.
 Nurhan Atasoy was born in Turkey.      
 Nurhan Atasoy is a Turkish citizen.     
 Turkish national Nurhan Atasoy is a Turkish national.   
 Nurhan Atasoy was a resident of Istanbul.    
 Nurhan Atasoy was a resident of Teşvikiye.
 Nurhan Atasoy is a resident of Turkey.    
 Olga Bordareva graduated from Leningrad State University.   
 Olga Bondareva was born on 1937-04-27.    
 Olga Bordareva was born in Olga Nikolaevna Bondare
 Olga Bordareva was born in Leningrad, USSR. 
 Olga Bordareva died on September 9, 1991.      
 Olga Bordareva died in Saint Petersburg.       
 Bondareva–Shapley Theorem is known for Olga Bordar
 Olga Bordareva's professional career is Economics.   
 Olga Bordareva's professional pursuit is Mathematics.   
 Petah Tikva is from Israel.      
 Petah Tikva is led by Itzik Braverman.
 Petah Tikva is a symbol of openness.  
 The Philippines was founded on 12th of October, 1898.   
 Leni Roberto is the leader of the Philippines.    
 Piotr Hallmann was born on August 25th, 1987. 
 Piotr Hallmann was born in Gdynia, Poland.
 Piotr Hallmann is 175.26m in height.    
 Piotr Hallmann weighs 70.308 pounds.     
 The distribution label of Polydor Records is Interscope Göffen A and M. 
 Polydor Records is located in London.         
 Universal Music Group is the parent company of Polydor Records.     
 Pontiac was extinction on October 31st, 2010.   
 The parent company of Pontiac is General Motors.     
 Pontiac produces automobiles.       
 Buick succeeded Pontiac.       
 Pontiac Riageous was assembled in Detroit.   
 Pontiac Rageous was assembled in Michigan.   
 Pontiac Rageous has a coupe body style. 
 Pontiac Riageous was made by Pontiac.
 Pontiac Rageous was produced in 1997.   
 Baroque pop is a musical fusion of pop rock. 
 Indie pop is a music sub genre of Pop rock.
 Pop rock originated from rock music.      
 Post metal is a synthesizer.   
 Drumkit is an instrument of Punk blues.  
 Punk blues originated from garage rock.    
 Reggae is a derivative of hip hop music.
 Reggae originated from rhythm and blues music. 
 Reşadiye is from Turkey.  
 Reşadiye is part of Tokat Province. 
 Roadside Attractions was founded on 01-01 2003.   
 Noise rock is a musical fusion of rock music.   
 Proto-punk is a sub genre of rock music. 
 Saint Petersburg has a total area of 1439.0 square kilometers.
 Saint Petersburg was founded on 1703-05-27.   
 Georgy Polevchenko is the leader of Saint Petersburg.  
 San Francisco has a area code of 628.    
 Ed Lee is a politician in San Francisco.        
 San Francisco has a UTC offset of minus 7 and a UTC offset of
 Shenzhou 10 was cosparId on October 29th, 2013. 
 Shenzhou 6 was cosparId 2005-040A.   
 Sludge metal is a singing instrument.        
 Southern sludge is a music subgenre of sludge metal.
 Stoner sludge is a music subgenre of Sludge metal.
 Hardcore punk is the origin of Sludge metal.     
 The Velvet Underground album was followed by 1969: The Velvet Underground Live.
 Squeeze (The Velvet Underground album) is a rock music genre.
 Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground album was preceded by Squeeze.
 The Velvet Underground producer Squeeze is The Velvet Underground. 
 Stargate is a production team associated with Michael Jackson and Michael Jackson.   
 Super Capers have a budget of 2000000.0.      
 Ray Griggs is the director of Super Capers.      
 Lionsgate is the distributor of Super Capers.       
 Super Capers is a distributor of Roadside Attractions.
 Super Capers have a gross income of 30955.0. 
 Super Capers speak English.        
 Super Capers run 98.0 times.      
 Adam West is a character in Super Capers.   
 Justin Halin is a character in Super Capers.  
 Michael Moore is a character in Super Capers.   
 Tom Lister Jr. is a character in Super Capers.
 Tom Seizemore is a character in Super Capers.     
 Ray Griggs is the director of Super Capers.      
 Swords, Dublin is part of Leinster.      
 The county manager is the leader of Swords, Dublin.     
 The Take It Off was followed by 'Til Dead Do Us Party'.
 Take It Off! is a genre of noise rock.      
 Turn Me On is a musical album that was preceded by Take It Off. 
 The American band Take It Off is produced by The Honeymoon Millers.
 Wharton Tigers is the producer of Take IIt Off.    
 Terence Rattgan was born on January 1st, 1911.   
 Terence Rattigan died on October 30th, 1977.     
 Terence Tracy died on January 1st, 1977.      
 Terence Ratigan was born on 0711905.      
 The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J R. R. Lindkien
 The Fellowship of the Ring was followed by The Two Towers. 
 Fantasy is a literary genre of The Rockship of the Ring.    
 The Fellowship of the Ring was preceded by The Bible.   
 The Fellowship of the Ring was published by George Allen & Unwin.
 The Fellowship of the Ring was released on July 29th 1954.  
 The Lord of the Rings was followed by The Lord of the Rings.  
 The book The Hobbit was written by High Fantasy.  
 Juvenile Fantasy is a literary genre of The Hobbit.
 The book The Hobbit was published on September 21st, 1937.   
 The Honeymoon Millers (American band) performs noise rock music.
 The Two Towers was written by J R. R. Tolkien
 The Two Towers was followed by The Return of the King.  
 The Two Towers was preceded by The Bluffship of the Ring.
 George Allen & Unwin is the publisher of The Twin Towers.   
 The Velvet Underground is associated with the Theatre of Eternal Music.  
 Loueed was a former member of the Velvet Underground.    
 The Velvet Underground is a proto-punk genre.  
 Bedfordshire is the ceremonial county of Thurleigh.       
 Thurleigh is in the United Kingdom.     
 The postal code of Thurleigh is MK44.  
 Tokat has a area code of +90 356.
 Tokat is from Turkey.       
 Tom Seizemore started his career on 01-01-1989.
 Tom Seizemore was a Actor.   
 Tom Seizemore was married to Maeve Quinlan.
 Charlie Colin was a former member of Train.  
 The band Train performs pop rock music.    
 The record label for Train (band) is Warner Music Group.
 Trane was founded on 01-01-1913.  
 Trane is in building materials.     
 Trane has an operating income of $875,400,000.
 Trane has a revenue of $10,264,000,000.
 Turkey has a total area of 783356.0. 
 Turkey's inhabitants are called Turk.     
 The government of Turkey is a unitary state.    
 Turkey is the language spoken in Turkey.       
 Binali Yald<unk> r<unk> m is the leader of Turkey.
 The leader of Turkey is the Prime Minister.      
 The leader of Turkey is called the President.      
 Turkey is known as the Republic of Turkey.      
 Turkey's official language is Turkish.       
 Turkey has a percentage of water of 1.3.    
 Turkish people speak Turkish.          
 The religion of Turkish people is Irreligion.  
 The American band Turn Me On is a musical artist.   
 Take It Off! was followed by Turn Me On.    
 Turn Me On (album) is a genre of noise rock. 
 Turn Me On is a genre of Punk blues.  
 The American band Turn Me On is produced by The House of Lights.
 The turn Me Me On album was produced by Wharton Tigers.
 Turn Me On (album) has a runtime of 35.1.
 The total area of the United States is 9833520000000.0.
 American is the Demonym for the United States.     
 African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.    
 English is spoken in the United States.       
 John Roberts is the leader of the United States.    
 Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States.     
 Vice President is the leader of the United States.     
 The motto of the United States is "In God we trust".     
 The population of the United States is 324720797.      
 Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force.
 Lucian Grainge is the key person of Universal Music Group.   
 Dijon is the campus of University of Burgundy.     
 Dijon is the city of University of Burgundy.     
 University of Berlin is located in France.          
 The University of Westminster has 1299 faculty.         
 The University of Westminster has 9400 postgraduate students.       
 The University of Berlin has 27400 students.         
 The University of Burgundy has 16800 students.      
 The University of Berlin has 2900 staff.         
 The University of Cambridge is affiliated with the League of European Research Universities.    
 David Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Thorville is the chancellor of
 University of Cambridge is located in England.          
 University of Cambridge is a research university.         